you
[Music]
I've been painting and drawing flowers
for most of my life they are their most
satisfying the most difficult and the
most beautiful things and I would just
like to share this with you because it's
the most wonderful way of spending your
life
another oil paint because you can change
mind it's much more difficult with
watercolor to do that you can have
greater more freedom pushing it about
the thing about this is it's never what
you think it is and that's why you
always have to look hard you have to
switch your head off
and the internet and the brain and only
let your eye be in charge if you just if
you just sort of listen to your eye look
what it's seeing it'll tell you
everything you need to know so many
people say oh but it's white and they'll
paint it white is the white toilets sort
of pale blue or is a touch of red in it
and it's if you just look it's all there
you just have to use your eyes
you don't have to paint flowers in
isolation there's so much happier when
they've got some lovely things around
them
you